so this is my brother's room around
Amina katan's home just outside ke there
are reminders everywhere of her shared
Ukrainian and Palestinian Heritage with
many family members in Gaza uh to be
honest I feel like I'm in the middle of
two uh huge Wars and um uh I feel very
terrible about it because um I'm in a
constant um anxious uh State about my
family there and also I'm worried about
my family here as a digital Creator and
online fashion influencer she has been
explaining to her 100,000 followers what
this war is about from the start a lot
of ukrainians do support Palestine and a
lot of ukrainians show that they're
being um
fair-minded the keev government has been
helping Ukrainian Palestinians leave
Gaza with many of them coming back to
Ukraine but President Vladimir linski
has been vocal in his support for Israel
perhaps mindful of the strong backing
from the US and its Western leaning
allies sympathies here are divided with
many ukrainians drawing comparisons
between the Russian invasion and the
October the 7th attack on Israel by
Hamas others accuse Western nations of
double standards in their support of
Israel's attacks on Palestinian
civilians in Gaza yeah
Muhammad aogi is a Palestinian Ukrainian
journalist Desperately Seeking
information about relatives in Gaza
among them his 23-year-old daughter
Aisha who had been trying to leave and
who last messaged him several weeks
earlier the connections have been bad we
get through maybe once every 100 times I
lost contact with my daughter on October
14th when she told me the Border was
closed he like many in the Palestinian
Community here asking how Russian
President Vladimir Putin can be
considered a war criminal for the
alleged forced removal of children from
Ukrainian territories while the same
International Community seemingly allows
Israel's killing of children in Gaza to
go unpunished Rob McBride Al jazer
keev make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer